I think my earliest memory is walking
down to the beach in Cornwall and
paddling my toes in the inlet on the
water's edge in the little ripples of
the waves and then going deeper and
deeper into the sea and hanging on to my
uncle Paul's shoulders which are always
slippery with Sun oil and he take me out
and swim with me on his back I think
that's my earliest memory if I was
invisible for a day I would go and spend
the day with the Queen I'd like to see
what she gets up to what she eats who
she talks to what she says and if you
get into her head as well and see what
she's really thinking I would like that
my fancy dress costume of choice would
probably be Catwoman because when I was
young and the original Batman series is
on television Catwoman was there and she
was gorgeous and she's still gorgeous so
I'd like to be Catwoman please my
biggest indulgence is lying on my bed
with a hot water bottle watching
television or having a pedicure every
fortnight have to say I'd quite like to
dance with Len Len Goodman because he'll
teach me how to flick up and he would
get into hold straight away because he
doesn't like any of that mucking about
at the start does he